concept/rules: state that a rule cannot be executed in parallel (#2573)
openhab/openhab-docs: configuration/rules-dsl.md

### Concurrency Guard

> If a rule is explicitly run from another script, rule, MainUI widget, instead of a trigger, the rule can be started before the current execution has ended.

Reviewer: It should be Main UI and Basic UI IMO.

> If a rule is explicitly run from another script, rule, MainUI widget, instead of a trigger, the rule can be started before the current execution has ended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a rule is explicitly run from another script, rule, a Main UI widget, instead of a trigger, the rule can be started before the current execution has ended.
```
